- Ibrahim
X : @sle1i
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
I am Dr. Benjamin Price.
Professor of Ancient History.
Journal number 4.
The legendary Necronomicon.
the Book of the Dead.
is not just a myth.
The Brotherhood of
the Wise found it
and despite my warnings
he read some
blasphemous passages.
Releasing demons
also malicious
more than the Devil himself.
God help us.
Journal number 5.
We have discovered something.
An object of such great power.
that it can send
them back to hell.
In case they should return. I
hid it behind runes and spells.
It must remain so.
Should it be
unsealed by accident.
They will notice it.
They will feel its
call in the earth.
They will smell it in the air.
And so they will stop at nothing
to destroy it.
I swear!
He jumps out the window.
on the street. in my underwear
Who jumps out the window?
I know. You have to be an idiot.
Damn! Don't tell me it's Emma.
Ignore. – Is it an emergency?
Leo. it's not an emergency.
She's totally freaking
out about the lake.
-Leave your phone in the car.
-Let me go!
Okay. let's get out of here.
I can't believe it!
Seriously. don't answer.
Don't answer!
If you answer. I'm leaving.
Show some respect!
Hello. my little one.
Damn!
I wanted to call you.
Leo!
See you tomorrow.
I love you too.
Jared!
Let's get out of here!
Stop acting like an idiot!
Jared!
Damn...
Where are you?
Help me!
Damn!
I'm here. my friend.
I'm here.
What the hell is that?
Happy birthday. man!
We let ourselves
go a little bit.
But you're worth it.
Happy birthday!
I'll get some champagne.
Alice!
What was that?
Did you whistle at me?
That was a joke.
But that's already
the third bottle.
What if we slowed down?
It's Joseph's birthday.
We're allowed to get a
little drunk sometimes.
It's a party. okay?
We're opening the presents.
Joseph!
Happy birthday. brother.
From both sides.
From both of us.
That shouldn't have happened.
THANK YOU!
A pen?
Not just any pen.
It's a Belvoir.
It's worth a thousand dollars!
More! But that doesn't matter.
This is a gift to encourage you
to finish your book.
Not very subtle. darling.
This is the fifth
book he has started.
-The fourth. -Oh really?
Excuse me.
Look at Alice and her photos.
They were fine.
But since I gave her
this piece of jewelry.
the difference is enormous.
Sometimes all it takes
is a little push.
Which one? The suggestion...
Again?
Happy birthday.
I love the packaging.
So stylish!
You are such a handsome guy!
Everyone looks beautiful
in black and white.
You didn't tell me anything.
It's a small thing. Has nothing
to do with your Belvoir.
“Ours.” I said it was from us.
Thank you both.
Thank you. you have
so much talent.
I keep forgetting
that Americans hug.
A very special
sister-in-law hug.
Are you kissing my boyfriend?
We French masturbate
to say hello.
Very classy. And I'm the
one who lacks finesse.
- He's jealous of my gift.
- I don't care.
- You're criticizing.
- Not at all. Drink less.
-We're having a party. -I know.
Turn it down a notch.
for god's sake!
That's good.
Cigarette?
Promise me we'll
never get married.
It meant nothing.
Oh yeah
She does that to annoy me.
The same goes for cigarettes.
We want a baby and she's
still doing it. Ridiculous.
Mockery.
Forget it. You know him.
Can I bum a cigarette. boss?
Stop. I'm not your boss.
I send the checks.
Of course you're the boss.
Aren't you cold in that t-shirt?
How are you.
It's like an oven in there.
And the music is way too loud.
I know. I keep telling him.
Feel free to keep badmouthing
me to my employees.
For discussion.
Don't worry. Mike.
It's not your fault.
Alice. are you coming?
Don't touch me!
Calm down.
Don't make me the bad guy. You're
the one making such a scene here.
And you. you're making me
look like a hysterical drunk.
Apologies.
Okay. here we go.
Look at me.
I hate it when you
act like a child!
Don't call me that!
And stop this crap already!
Don't touch me!
I already told you!
Damn!
Do you see what state
you're putting me in?
I wasn't like this before.
None of my ex-partners ever
made me lose my temper.
Where do you think
it comes from?
If we can't talk to each other. how
are we supposed to move forward?
That's it. go to Mike.
Give him a cigarette.
And give him a handjob!
She is sick!
You're drunk.
Give me your keys.
I'll take you back.
Will!
Bitch!
Don't move! Whatever you do...
Don't move.
I'm calling for help.
Damn!
Will!
Will...
We found you.
Take us to your family.
What the hell is that?
Daytime...
Abstract...
Montosse.
Help!
Canada!
Are you taking anything
to help you sleep?
Nothing works.
When did you arrive?
Two days ago.
Joseph practically lives here.
They gave him the second house.
Look it up.
How long have you owned a gun?
It doesn't belong to me.
It belongs to Joseph. He
must think it's totally cool.
Joseph. a tough guy?
That's cute.
Hello Polly. How are you?
She won't remember you.
It's only been a year.
We must wear the same shoe size.
-Work isn't going well...
-No problem.
You promised to finish by noon.
You should be done soon.
We are all gathered here...
We are all gathered here.
in memory of William Price.
to pay tribute to him.
and to share memories of him.
Because as long as these...
The memories will remain.
William will always be with us.
I would like to invite
Mrs. Susan Price.
William's mother.
to say a few words.
Bonnie. what are you doing?
That's Susan. Grandma.
Aunt Bonnie...
Don't waste your breath.
William...
My sweet boy.
I could talk for hours
about this wonderful child.
That he was.
An exemplary teenager.
And a man who made us so proud.
He loved French cuisine so much.
that he surprised us with his studies
in Paris by bringing back the following:
a French wife. Alice.
Will dreamed of
starting a family.
You would have been
excellent parents.
We would have been
Grandfather Edgar
and Grandma Susan.
I would give anything for
us all to be together again.
Thank you. Susan.
I am very sorry for the noise.
Alice!
Would you like to share something?
A memory of your husband?
I haven't prepared anything.
Alright.
SO...
NOW.
I would like to play a song
William held very
dear to his heart.
Your wedding song.
I want to say goodbye to my son.
One last time.
You will be able to
pick up the ashes
in a few days. but
you cannot stay.
Sir.
My son just died.
Five minutes. Don't edit anything.
or there will be trouble.
THANK YOU.
My deepest condolences.
Will!
Hold on!
I'm coming
Hold on. my boy!
I'm here!
I'm coming!
What is...
Come with us.
We'll meet there.
Is it far?
Less than 5 minutes.
How are you?
Yes. but you know they
don't want me there.
That's not true.
Look in there.
All that matters to them
is that we are together.
You are part of the family.
Even my mother was moved
that you accept a cremation.
And let's do it here.
She really likes you a lot.
Maybe. I don't know.
My father. on the
other hand. hates you.
It has gotten
significantly worse.
Have you ever been here?
This is where we got married.
Mom. Dad?
I'll be back.
Grandma. do you
know where Mom is?
She's still at school.
She gets out at 4 p.m.
THANK YOU.
Mom?
What are you doing?
Don't you see it?
You invited Alice.
She was Will's wife.
I will do it.
When we gave you the house. I
told you to throw everything away.
Why is everything still here?
I wanted memories
of my grandfather.
It was like throwing it away.
He kicked us out. I know.
But there are also some
fascinating things there.
Releasing demons
also malicious
more than the Devil himself.
Do you find that fascinating?
I use it as inspiration
for my book.
Is your book about
your grandfather?
Not about him.
but his work.
Honestly...
Curses.
the demons...
There are some crazy artifacts
brought back from all sorts of places.
was a member of
a secret society.
A cult.
They were historians.
He recorded everything
in his notebook.
I wanted to tell you about it.
Listen to me carefully.
My father was not a good man.
When my mother started
losing her mind.
He withdrew.
He spent all his time
with his brothers.
was still on an expedition
or buried in his old tomes.
When Aunt Bonnie got sick.
he left her for good.
in search of rusty weapons
and moth-eaten parchments
to protect us from harm.
This empty talk masked
his lack of courage.
face the difficulties.
I had to take care
of this family.
I'm sorry. Mom.
You should rest.
It's okay. It's the pills.
Tell them we'll have
lunch in an hour.
And throw that away.
Let go of me!
What is that?
She wants to go out alone.
I wanted to help you!
Bonnie!
I've got her! She wants
to steal my money!
Call the police!
Bonnie!
Calm down.
It's broken!
One moment. Mom.
Dirty thief!
Dad?
The tank is empty.
The garden can wait.
It must be done properly.
I will do it.
We are giving you this house.
and you're letting it rot.
You like living in filth!
Dad. help me
We're inside.
Let us in. Dad.
It will be alright.
Don't resist.
Do it.
Come on. you can do it.
Do it!
Edgar?
Edgar. are you alright?
Don't tell my wife.
Please.
I'll keep this. okay?
What happened?
I missed a step and
broke the dishes. Sorry.
Yes. I heard it.
Can you put that on the table?
Be careful. That
happened to me too.
Is that true?
That is Niobe.
a Greek queen.
-Edgar's favorite. -It's pretty.
Why did you stop?
Because of the kids.
Then my sister Bonnie got sick and
my mother couldn't be left alone.
You were talented. it's a shame.
Why "shame"?
I was with the people I loved.
I built my life.
You know. without my family.
I am nothing.
Thank you. Joseph.
It was great.
How are you?
How are you.
No!
This is Will's apartment.
My big boy Will.
When does it arrive?
Edgar?
Are you in charge of the wine?
I'll take care of it.
So good.
It was frozen. I
just reheated it.
Joseph is right.
It's delicious.
I never would have
thought it was frozen.
That is concerning.
These are clearly frozen
products on paper plates.
If you are running
the restaurant alone.
you need to distinguish
between frozen and fresh food.
About the restaurant.
I'm not sure if...
We'll talk about that later.
Let's talk about it now.
We are all here.
Well... I haven't decided yet.
But it was Will's restaurant.
You built it together.
I did the accounting.
But you are...
his wife.
Are you sure?
Honestly. I thought
maybe I should return
to Paris for a while.
Spend time with my father.
You seem more determined
than you admit.
We must settle this
within the family.
The staff loves you.
Alice.
they need you.
Think of Will.
Do it for him.
Participate!
I know who you are.
You are my grandson's
wife. right?
Don't close your ears.
I asked you a question.
Everything is fine.
I'm just saying that...
You can take over a
thriving business.
during a tribute to Will.
It was his life's work.
That passion.
Keep it going.
Susan...
I prefer to talk about it later.
No. now is the perfect time to
put everything on the table.
He's right.
We must make decisions together.
Without me. you
are nothing. Alice!
That's what Will
would have wanted.
That is your problem!
We are trying to have a baby!
You don't know.
Whatever you want!
Leave me alone. Alice!
Alice!
Calm down.
I am calm.
But you shouldn't
speak for Will.
I am his mother.
No one knows him
better than I do.
Stop it. Grandma.
Listen.
We are all here because of
him. but Alice is right.
This is not the right time.
For you. it's never
the right time.
So you haven't made
anything of your life.
Edgar. stop.
Don't you dare
touch me. damn it.
We are all grieving. that's
no reason to be cruel.
That's good.
No!
Where is she?
Where is your wedding ring?
You aren't wearing it?
Did you sell it?
For a good price?
No. Of course not.
Can I have the corkscrew?
A hoodie
And sneakers at your
husband's funeral?
I am here. Speak
to me personally.
You didn't even cry.
Don't you find that strange?
Everyone is grieving...
Get out of here!
Will is dead.
And you are doing this to us?
That's enough. Dad.
It's your fault he died.
He should have been
forbidden from driving!
It's not my fault! He had
an argument with Alice.
-Are you implying it's my fault?
-Of course not.
You were there. You could
have stopped him too.
I tried.
It wasn't me. but it's
not my fault either.
-I'm not saying that.
Alice. I think that...
Mind your own business.
You don't know anything.
You're happy he's dead.
Please.
Will is watching
us from up there.
From up there?
is at the very bottom.
What are you doing?
Stop!
Help me!
Take the keys.
He needs to be taken
to the hospital.
Thya. come and help me.
Take his arm!
I've got it!
What have we done
to deserve this?
Holy shit. is he crazy or what?
He killed the dog! I know.
He's bleeding!
Because?
Your father.
Stop!
Let them go!
Let them go. I said!
Take it down!
Kill him. damn it!
Bring me down. Jo.
Bring me down.
Bring me down. Jo!
Bring me down!
Joseph!
Four bodies in the fire...
"October 1983"
"This damn book of the dead."
"I told them not to read it."
"The forbidden spell."
"Four words
"Who can unleash the evil?"
"They didn't listen to me."
"December 1983."
"I finally found it."
"The weapon that
can stop them all."
"A dagger. created by..."
"the brotherhood of the wise".
"It only takes a tiny cut."
"to exterminate
the demonic soul."
I hid it. but I have
to leave again now.
"These creatures
"They are chasing me."
"I must protect"
"My wife and my daughters."
"During the day..."
"Abstract
"Montosse
No. it's dead.
Alice?
What is that?
I don't understand
what you're saying.
What happened?
Where is your father?
I think Dad killed Thya.
Open.
Here I am.
She came back to get my money.
To your perfect family!
Cheers.
Jo. I'm hurt.
NO! Jo!
-Where is your father?
-We have to go.
Alice. quickly!
We have to go!
Edgar!
My love...
Let go of me!
Mom!
You were the one who
should have died.
Not Will!
He's just standing
there watching us.
We're trapped!
I'll be right back. Mom.
The children?
Please open the door.
Are you here to
return what you stole?
Exactly.
Mom!
How are you?
Mom. is everything okay?
Okay. I'm here.
We will destroy you
No more brotherhood
Should I go there or...?
Do you want to come along?
You go.
Bring Grandma up there.
You thought I would leave you
all the men in the family.
Joseph. come!
Help!
Don't overexert yourself.
That's not his way.
I told you to come!
Susan...
Stop coddling him.
He has something we need.
Give us what we came for!
I told you. she's a thief!
Are you brave now?
I was your first.
I firmly intend to be your last.
You didn't want to drag your
father into the abyss...
But kill me...
Is it easy?
Come here. young lady! I
have what you're looking for.
I'll be right back. baby.
The money is under my mattress.
Take it
And leave us alone.
Everything in there is broken.
But we need something
that you're hiding
in your little head.
Your husband must have
told you where it was.
It will heal you.
Polly!
Where is your leg?
Dirty little...
The Brotherhood of the Wise
failed. Your grandfather did too.
You will all die tonight.
Alice!
I'm coming.
I'm coming to find you.
What is the Brotherhood
of the Wise?
I thought that was nonsense.
Now you tell me everything.
I've seen the twisted
drawings you threw away.
Did Will tell you
about our grandfather?
We were always told
he was unstable.
In his notebooks. he wrote:
that this group was convinced
that the devil had come to Earth.
That he would return if we looked
closer at what he called...
The Book of the Dead.
My grandfather went
on a world tour.
Looking for artifacts
to protect against all of this.
Do you still have them?
My mother asked me to throw
everything away after his death.
Damn it.
She asked. but I didn't.
I hid a few things in the attic.
Thya...
The owner said he was
looking for something.
Maybe that can stop them.
Mom. you have to drink this.
Can you look under the bed?
Dad always checks. there
are monsters there.
No monsters.
You're lying.
Don't worry.
You have nothing to fear here.
Good night. Mom.
Good night. Susan.
What did you call me?
Come into my arms. my darling.
Mom...
I missed you.
I missed you so much.
We share the same dream.
It can still happen.
The whole family
can be together.
Will is already on his way.
He will be here soon.
Don't be afraid. Susan.
Do you remember what
you said at the funeral?
That you would give everything
so that we could all
be together again.
Without your family.
you are nothing.
I miss you.
I miss our relationship.
You hadn't kissed me
like that in years.
Your father is no longer here.
Maybe...
Joseph?
Is Grandma okay? Is
everything alright?
Everything is going well now.
Trust me.
I trust you?
They are not our enemies. I
understand everything now.
They just want to get
back what my father stole.
I told you he was bad.
It's quite simple.
Tell them where it is.
Give them what they want.
and it will all stop.
We can be happy again.
What are you talking about?
A weapon.
We threw everything away.
You're lying.
Tell us where it is.
Us?
Where is Kandar's dagger?
You have to stop interfering
in our family affairs.
You promised me!
You must not hurt him!
This horror will be useful
in the end after all.
One.
I admire your work.
Finally. you can be
proud of something.
Did you say something?
I know where the dagger is.
Nothing can stop us now
if we get the dagger.
Let him go!
Leave him alone!
Where is the dagger?
Where is she?
Answer!
Find it...
before they do.
OnlyFlix
Only Flix – Watch HD movies
and series online for free
OnlyFlix
Just
onlyflix.to
Stop.
That's exactly what
you were waiting for.
You liked it when Will hurt you.
That's why you stayed.
Don't close your ears.
I asked you a question.
Susan!
Help!
Susan. my love...
Push the button to
shred this whore's face.
She brought chaos
into this family.
Your son died because of her.
Do it.
For Will.
Do it!
Susan...
Do it.
I'm sorry. Alice.
Is that Joseph?
Is that my son?
What are you doing?
Be glad I didn't leave you.
Don't you dare move!
Happy?
My family is dead.
Everyone I love
is dead
Because of you.
Everything you did.
It will bring us misfortune.
I hate you.
Shut up. Susan.
Shut up!
I didn't bring anything
into your family.
Everything was already there.
Do you see that?
Do you see. Susan?
That is your son.
He was capable of it.
- It was an accident. - No!
It wasn't.
And you knew it.
You knew that. Susan.
You deserve everything
that happens to you.
Everything. damn it.
But you know what?
It's behind me.
I don't care at all anymore.
You're right.
Your past is dead to
Your past is behind you.
Just...
behind you.
Like a shadow.
You can't escape it.
And when you think
you're saved...
when you breathe
a sigh of relief.
My son will be there.
That's how every
husband should be.
And he will burn you
in his entirety
like the whore
that you are.
You will be dead
before daybreak!
Alice?
Help me get in!
I know where the dagger
is. I'll help you find it.
Then I will open
it for you with:
just as my brother
should have done.
You are useless.
like my grandfather.
He never found it. You
won't have any luck either.
Let me put an end to
your miserable life.
You seem to enjoy suffering.
That's why you
let Will hurt you.
Poor little Alice.
We will find you
alone in an attic.
Disemboweled from head to toe.
You didn't want children.
Your body is useless.
That's not the right one.
The Brotherhood of
the Wise is dead.
Come here. you little bitch.
I told you she wasn't here...
My family will...
Screw your family!
You stayed because you liked it.
Or because you were too
cowardly to leave me?
Look at yourself.
I still can't leave.
Do you remember the last
thing you said to me?
She's sick!
Your wish has been granted.
I shouldn't have hurt you.
Alice. I should have killed you.
Here I promised you to
always be by your side.
And that not even death
could separate us.
I will keep my promise.
Alice.
Because without me.
You are nothing.
Am?
I could never have
lived without you.
I won't let you live without me.
Where is the dagger?
Where is she?
Go get it.
Where is the dagger?
Speak or burn. bitch!
There it is. your
fucking dagger!
I love you.
That's not enough.
Do you have a cigarette?
I have no right to...
Get out of here!
Who did this to you?
My ex-husband.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm